Can you tell me how long you've lived in Abicum here?
Yes, I moved to Abicum here in about, I can't ever remember whether it's June or July, in 1991.
It was a Friday and I remember that because I'd bribed a lot of people from work,
which was at Radnor district in town where I'd been since January 1st 1990 to come and help me move in.
And Mrs Jones, that's the old Mrs Jones, so John Jones' mother from the happy union,
she cooked fish and chips and peas for everybody.
So my criteria for looking for a house was that it had to be somewhere easy to commute into, Llandrindut,
but a village with a pub so I could walk home from the pub after an evening's entertainment.
And of course I chose Cross Cottage, which as you know is between the church and the pub.
So yes, I moved there after this long selection process and the place just spoke to me.
And again, here's the infamous Mrs Jones for you.
So I went to several pubs and I remember Mrs Jones was the owner of the pub in Aberedu
and she used to serve beer in a jug.
I think there was a Jones at the Red Lion in Llanavn Vau and I went to look at that.
And I came here on an evening and it was about, I came on my own actually,
and it was about 7.30 at night and the pub had just opened because it used to open then,
even when no one was in it.
And I sat there and I chatted to Mrs Jones until about nine o'clock when the first customer came in.
But I, and she sat at the bar and she chatted to me and I thought, this is great,
so fantastic, you know, just being such a welcoming, open place and it was sold to me.
That and then Cross Cottage just spoke to me.
Being the former school, it was such a wonderful,
characterful building, now a listed building of course, it wasn't at the time.
A gothic school, the architecture really spoke to me.